a) 

1. In imperative programming of languages, such as mainstream such as Java or C#, you have to write
exactly all the details for what the computers have to do to perform a task. However, functional approach
involves composing as set of functions to perform a task.

2. And the order of the execution in imperative approach is important, however it is low important in 
functional approach.


3. Functional programming is more expressive and close to actual logic, you write less but achieve more
error free and vice versa for imperative programming.

b)

An imperative approach (HOW): I see that table located under the Gone Fishin’ sign is empty. My husband and I are going to walk over there and sit down.

A declarative approach (WHAT): Table for two, please.


c)

In short, functional interface is an interface with exactly one abstract method. For example, there are lots of
functional interface in java such as Comparator, and Runnable.

Functor is mapping between categories.

Closure is a basicially A closure is a block of code that can be referenced (and passed around) with access to the variables of the enclosing scope. 
Since Java 1.1, anonymous inner class have provided this facility in a highly verbose manner. However, from Java 1.8, lambada expression can handle it.

d) There are benefits of using functional interface. 1. To achieve clear code, 2. It is easier to do achieve 
concurrency 3. Functional programs tend to be much more terse than their Imperative language counterparts. Often this leads to 
enhanced programmer productivity.

e)

(x) -> x + x *x *2;

(x, y) -> y - x + Math.pow(x,y);

(x,y,z)-> z - x + y;

f)

1) There is no parameter, and free variables are products and must be declared final.

2) There are parameter variables  u and r, but no free variables.

3) Parameters, s,t and free parameter is ignoreCase.

g)

interface Predicate<T>{
	public boolean test(T e);
}

can be used for this functional interface;

Or I have created custom with name MyPredicate

h)

1) a -> System.out.println(s);

2)This is method instant reference. Thats all. Nothing more.

j)

1) Supplier<Double> sup = () -> Math.random();

2) Yes, i did.











